Welcome to our generic project structure!

This project is based off of the layout generated by R's ProjectTemplate
package but contains a few key modifications. First, the "reports" folder has
been replaced with four separate folders, one for each project phase, each of 
which contains one subfolder for each use case related to the phase. I have 
also added a "production" folder which contains subfolders for each project 
phase. Finally, I have deleted the "graphs" folder.

Although the folder structure has been modified, none of the changes made
should affect your ability to load the project with the
ProjectTemplate::load.project() command as usual.

Please note that although this repository contains our standard folder 
structure, it contains no actual project. Once you have downloaded and set
up the folder structure, you must create a project within the directory.

I have preserved the original ProjectTemplate README below.

- Tayler

ProjectTemplate is an R package that helps you organize your statistical
analysis projects. Since you're reading this file, we'll assume that you've
already called `create.project()` to set up this project and all of its
contents.

To load your new project, you'll first need to `setwd()` into the directory
where this README file is located. Then you need to run the following two
lines of R code:

	library('ProjectTemplate')
	load.project()

After you enter the second line of code, you'll see a series of automated
messages as ProjectTemplate goes about doing its work. This work involves:
* Reading in the global configuration file contained in `config`.
* Loading any R packages you listed in he configuration file.
* Reading in any datasets stored in `data` or `cache`.
* Preprocessing your data using the files in the `munge` directory.

Once that's done, you can execute any code you'd like. For every analysis
you create, we'd recommend putting a separate file in the `src` directory.
If the files start with the two lines mentioned above:

	library('ProjectTemplate')
	load.project()

You'll have access to all of your data, already fully preprocessed, and
all of the libraries you want to use.

For more details about ProjectTemplate, see http://projecttemplate.net
